MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Results of Operations — DBS Group Holdings Ltd

Total income for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased 22% to a record SGD 16.5 billion from SGD 13.5 billion in the prior year. Net interest income rose 28% to SGD 11.2 billion, driven by asset margin expansion and loan growth of 4%. Net interest margin improved 19 basis points to 2.12%, benefiting from the rising interest rate environment.

Non-interest income increased 10% to SGD 5.3 billion, with fee income growing 8% to SGD 3.2 billion, led by wealth management and cards. Trading income rose 19% to SGD 1.4 billion, reflecting stronger customer flow and market-making activities.

Total operating expenses were stable at SGD 6.8 billion, resulting in a cost-income ratio of 41.2%, an improvement from 43.6% in the prior year. Staff costs decreased 2% as productivity initiatives offset salary increments. The improvement in operating leverage contributed to a record profit before tax of SGD 9.7 billion, up 26% from the prior year.

Total operating expenses were flat in the prior year due to a significant decline in sales and general and administrative expenses.
The E&A expenses were combined with the prior year due to a reduction in sales and marketing expense of 4.9% in the prior year due to a decline in sales and marketing expense of 4.0% in the prior year.

Non-interest expenses increased $7.8 million, or 12.3% from the prior year due to a decline in local product and marketing cost of 5.8% in the prior year.

The increase in non-interest expense was primarily due to an increase in related costs related to the reduction of our share repurchase program, which resulted in lower fees paid, partially offset by a $3.8 million reduction in other intangibles assumed with the remainder of our dividend, amortization of intangible assets related to our share repurchase program, partially offset by a $2.6 million reduction in other non-interest expense.
Net interest income was 41.4% in the prior year due to a reduction in volume of interest-bearing liabilities.

Interest income, net was 42.1% in the prior year due to a reduction in average interest rates.

Interest expense, net was 45.2% in the prior year due to a reduction in average interest rates. The current year's average interest rate was 3.7% in the prior year period. The increase of $2.8 million was primarily due to increases in average interest rates.

Interest expense, net was 0.9% in the prior year due to a decline in average interest rates.

Other expense, net was $3.0 million in the prior year due to the exchange rate changes.

Interest income, net was offset by $5.8 million in interest expense, primarily due to an increase in average interest rates. Interest expense, net was approximately $0.6 million in the prior year due to a positive change in average interest rates. The current year's average debt is fixed rate, as the interest rates increased to a positive change in average interest rates.

Other expense, net was $3.8 million in the prior year due to a decrease in average interest rates.

Other expense, net was $0.1 million for the prior year due to a change in average interest rates.

Other expense, net was $2.4 million in the prior year due to a decline in average interest rates.

Non-interest expense, net was $5.6 million in the prior year due to a change in average interest rates.

Total non-interest expense, net was 24.3% in the prior year due to a decline in average interest rates. The decrease in non-interest expense is primarily due to a decline in average interest rate environment.

Interest expense, net was $3.7 million in the prior year due to a change in average interest rates.

Income tax expense was $6.7 million in the prior year due to a decline in average interest rates.

Net interest income was 32.1% in the prior year due to a change in average interest rates. The effective rate was primarily the result of a 1.9% decrease in average interest rates.

Non-interest expense, net was $2.1 million in the prior year due to a change in average interest rates.

Net interest income, net was 35.2% in the prior year due to a decline in average interest rates. Management decreased $2.1 million, or 5.6% in the prior year due to a change in average interest rates. The positive impact of a 0.5% decrease in average interest rates would increase our expense by $2.3 million, or 3.2% in the prior year period. On the same basis, the impact of the change in a net interest expense in the prior year period decreased to a significant decline in average interest rates.

Net interest income was $6.4 million in the prior year due to a change in average interest rates.

Interest expense, net was $45.9 million in the prior year due to a change in average interest rates. The decrease in interest expense was attributable to a change in average interest rates.

Non-interest income, net was $6.8 million in the prior year period due to a decrease in average interest rates.

Non-interest expense, net was primarily the result of the change in average interest rates.

Non-interest expense for the prior year period was $79.3 million in the prior year period, due to the change in average interest rates. The overall decrease in non-interest expense, net was primarily due to a decrease in average interest rates.

Non-interest expense, net was $3.7
---------------
